Then get on your knees
Kowtow and apologize, haha.
It's just 400,000
Who says I can't afford that?
You turtle, you still dare to speak up
Then go to the checkout
I can put the ugly thing up front
Don't blame me for being ruthless if you can't pay
Even punchlines are useless to plead for you
Do you want to pay by mobile phone or by credit card?
Credit.
No, the payment was successful.
How is that possible?
Wrong, right, right, right.
I'd better check it out.
Which guest is it?
Just spent 400,000 in our store
How about a travel bet?
Bet what bet
Funny you
Zhou Jing should be honest
You are breaking your word
What unbelievable
Empty talk
Do you have any evidence?